README.md, before:

# stepweaver v3

Practical transformations, powered by code.

## Features

- Modern Next.js 15 with App Router
- Tailwind CSS for styling
- Contact form with Nodemailer integration
- Terminal-style UI components
- Responsive design

## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Set up email configuration (see [EMAIL_SETUP.md](./EMAIL_SETUP.md)):

   ```bash
   # Create .env.local file with your email credentials
   EMAIL_SERVICE=gmail
   EMAIL_USER=your-email@gmail.com
   EMAIL_PASS=your-app-password
   EMAIL_TO=stephen@stepweaver.dev
   SEND_CONFIRMATION_EMAIL=false
   ```

3. Run the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Test email configuration:
   - Use the contact form to send test messages
   - Emails will be sent to stephen@stepweaver.dev

## Email Setup

For detailed email configuration instructions, see [EMAIL_SETUP.md](./EMAIL_SETUP.md).

**Important**: To send emails to `stephen@stepweaver.dev`, add `EMAIL_TO=stephen@stepweaver.dev` to your `.env.local` file.

## Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run start` - Start production server
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint

## Project Structure

```
├── app/                 # Next.js App Router
│   ├── api/            # API routes
│   │   └── contact/    # Contact form handler
│   └── contact/        # Contact page
├── components/         # React components
├── utils/             # Utility functions
│   └── email.js       # Email utilities
└── public/            # Static assets
```

## Technologies Used

- Next.js 15
- React 19
- Tailwind CSS
- Nodemailer
- Lucide React Icons
- React Icons

Commit message:

Enhance README and AI chat functionality. Changes include: - Added AI Chat Setup section in README with setup instructions for using Groq and OpenAI APIs. - Updated SYSTEM_PROMPT in chat route to reflect Stephen's current experience and roles. - Implemented fallback mechanism in chat API to prioritize Groq's free tier before using OpenAI. - Revised project descriptions in projectsData.js for clarity and updated features, tech stack, and outcomes for the I AM [RESIST] project.

README.md, after:

# stepweaver v3

Practical transformations, powered by code.

## Features

- Modern Next.js 15 with App Router
- Tailwind CSS for styling
- Contact form with Nodemailer integration
- Terminal-style UI components
- Responsive design

## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Set up email configuration (see [EMAIL_SETUP.md](./EMAIL_SETUP.md)):

   ```bash
   # Create .env.local file with your email credentials
   EMAIL_SERVICE=gmail
   EMAIL_USER=your-email@gmail.com
   EMAIL_PASS=your-app-password
   EMAIL_TO=stephen@stepweaver.dev
   SEND_CONFIRMATION_EMAIL=false
   ```

3. Run the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Test email configuration:
   - Use the contact form to send test messages
   - Emails will be sent to stephen@stepweaver.dev

## Email Setup

For detailed email configuration instructions, see [EMAIL_SETUP.md](./EMAIL_SETUP.md).

**Important**: To send emails to `stephen@stepweaver.dev`, add `EMAIL_TO=stephen@stepweaver.dev` to your `.env.local` file.

## AI Chat Setup

The terminal includes a `chat` command powered by LLMs. For setup instructions, see [AI_CHAT_SETUP.md](./docs/AI_CHAT_SETUP.md).

**Quick setup** (free option):
```bash
# Add to .env.local
GROQ_API_KEY=gsk_your_key_here  # Get free key at https://console.groq.com/
```

The chat will automatically use Groq's free tier. OpenAI is supported as a fallback.

## Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run start` - Start production server
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint

## Project Structure

```
├── app/                 # Next.js App Router
│   ├── api/            # API routes
│   │   └── contact/    # Contact form handler
│   └── contact/        # Contact page
├── components/         # React components
├── utils/             # Utility functions
│   └── email.js       # Email utilities
└── public/            # Static assets
```

## Technologies Used

- Next.js 15
- React 19
- Tailwind CSS
- Nodemailer
- Lucide React Icons
- React Icons
