content/blog/2025-07-22-unicorn-journey.mdx, before:

---
title: "λstepweaver v3.0.0: The Break Point"
date: '2025-07-22'
excerpt: "I rebuilt my site (again). About 50 job apps later, λstepweaver is now a real business—with clients, leads, and, apparently, a small wave of visitors. Here’s what’s different this time."
hashtags: [webdev, careerjourney, λstepweaver, impostersyndrome, ai, next.js]
---

# λstepweaver v3.0.0 is live (and, yes, I actually incorporated)

Site rebuilds are kind of my thing at this point. But this one finally feels like it’s doing what I need it to do. I took a hard look at the set.studio flow, rewrote the whole thing as a services site, and pushed it live last night. The old “just a portfolio” wasn’t going to cut it if I actually want leads.

Within twelve hours I saw around 1,700 “edge requests” in Vercel. For the non-nerds: that just means the site is getting some attention (and not just from bots, judging by the traffic patterns). Is it “good”? I honestly don’t know. But it’s definitely not nothing.

### Where I’m at right now

- Contracting with an agency (slow, but it pays the bills)
- ~50 job applications later, I have an interview tomorrow
- Already had an interview and a couple calls for a Finance Controller role; it turned into a client lead. Sent a proposal—ghosted.
- Working a new client lead; sent them a proposal, then started building out the Anna Hickman CRM/process for them. Followed up—they’re just waiting on input from an owner’s meeting.
- Most people move slow, but again, it’s not nothing.

It feels like things are starting to work. Or at least, not *not* work.

---

## How I got here (the short version)

I’ve always had an affinity for tech, but spent years wandering—thanks to parents, society, and all the usual “you should do this/that” noise. Most of us are just making it up as we go. Second kid on the way? That’ll put things in perspective fast. I signed up for a bootcamp. Couldn’t tell React from JavaScript, and it showed. Made it halfway through.

Then came the infamous “tutorial hell.” You know the drill: watch a video, write some code, abandon the project, repeat. I was still lost, but what else was I going to do? Eventually, I just stopped hunting for the “perfect” tutorial and started piecing things together from whatever I could find. That’s when React finally started to click.

I got some traction after taking a class at Notre Dame (HTML, Preact, Back4App), built my first portfolio with Vite, and jumped to Next.js about as soon as I realized what a framework was.

I started copying layouts from sites I liked, figuring out how they worked, and then making my own versions. CASE: Copy And Steal Everything. If you’re learning, it works.

[Syntax.fm](https://syntax.fm/) has been in my podcast rotation since day one. Wes or Scott said quite a few things that have stuck with me, but most recently: as a developer, you eventually know enough about how everything fits together that you can usually figure out whatever you need, even if you haven’t seen it before. It's true! And I just tell people I'm making it up as I go! 🤣

---

## Grit (and, apparently, “Unicorn” status)

Imposter syndrome? Still there. It just doesn’t run my day anymore. I used ChatGPT to help clean up my resume (because let’s be honest, everyone’s using AI—especially the people filtering resumes). It called me a unicorn—apparently, a business analyst who can code is rare. That was news to me.

I’ve sent about 50 applications in the last couple months. Most went nowhere. (Though I’ve had hits at GitHub, NYU, and a few others—if “reviewed your resume” means what I think it does, as opposed to “we’re moving on.”) Had a couple interviews; one turned into a client lead instead of a job (ghosted, but I’ll still count it). Right now, I’m somewhere between “freelancer” and “actual business.” I have an LLC. There are proposals, leads, and a contract. Things are actually happening.

What changed? I finally built enough projects to see the patterns. I kept going when I wanted to quit. Turns out, that’s most of what matters.

Honestly, I just started believing the story. When you tell people you’re a web developer, nobody really argues—true or not. Faking it until you make it is underrated. For me, that’s just another word for grit.

---

## If you’re stuck in tutorial hell

Nobody is coming to save you. Coding is 99% “I’ll figure it out.” Build ugly stuff, copy what works, and refactor later—if you even care by then. Nobody writes perfect code, and even senior devs are googling error messages. Everyone is using AI, or they should be.

If the numbers on Vercel keep climbing, maybe this will all have been worth it. If not, I’ll keep shipping anyway.

– Stephen

Commit message:

Update blog metadata to use custom preview images and improve Open Graph and Twitter card integration

content/blog/2025-07-22-unicorn-journey.mdx, after:

---
title: 'λstepweaver v3.0.0: The Break Point'
date: '2025-07-22'
excerpt: "I rebuilt my site (again). About 50 job apps later, λstepweaver is now a real business—with clients, leads, and, apparently, a small wave of visitors. Here's what's different this time."
hashtags: [webdev, careerjourney, λstepweaver, impostersyndrome, ai, next.js]
image: '/images/lambda_preview.png'
---

# λstepweaver v3.0.0 is live (and, yes, I actually incorporated)

Site rebuilds are kind of my thing at this point. But this one finally feels like it’s doing what I need it to do. I took a hard look at the set.studio flow, rewrote the whole thing as a services site, and pushed it live last night. The old “just a portfolio” wasn’t going to cut it if I actually want leads.

Within twelve hours I saw around 1,700 “edge requests” in Vercel. For the non-nerds: that just means the site is getting some attention (and not just from bots, judging by the traffic patterns). Is it “good”? I honestly don’t know. But it’s definitely not nothing.

### Where I’m at right now

- Contracting with an agency (slow, but it pays the bills)
- ~50 job applications later, I have an interview tomorrow
- Already had an interview and a couple calls for a Finance Controller role; it turned into a client lead. Sent a proposal—ghosted.
- Working a new client lead; sent them a proposal, then started building out the Anna Hickman CRM/process for them. Followed up—they’re just waiting on input from an owner’s meeting.
- Most people move slow, but again, it’s not nothing.

It feels like things are starting to work. Or at least, not _not_ work.

---

## How I got here (the short version)

I’ve always had an affinity for tech, but spent years wandering—thanks to parents, society, and all the usual “you should do this/that” noise. Most of us are just making it up as we go. Second kid on the way? That’ll put things in perspective fast. I signed up for a bootcamp. Couldn’t tell React from JavaScript, and it showed. Made it halfway through.

Then came the infamous “tutorial hell.” You know the drill: watch a video, write some code, abandon the project, repeat. I was still lost, but what else was I going to do? Eventually, I just stopped hunting for the “perfect” tutorial and started piecing things together from whatever I could find. That’s when React finally started to click.

I got some traction after taking a class at Notre Dame (HTML, Preact, Back4App), built my first portfolio with Vite, and jumped to Next.js about as soon as I realized what a framework was.

I started copying layouts from sites I liked, figuring out how they worked, and then making my own versions. CASE: Copy And Steal Everything. If you’re learning, it works.

[Syntax.fm](https://syntax.fm/) has been in my podcast rotation since day one. Wes or Scott said quite a few things that have stuck with me, but most recently: as a developer, you eventually know enough about how everything fits together that you can usually figure out whatever you need, even if you haven’t seen it before. It's true! And I just tell people I'm making it up as I go! 🤣

---

## Grit (and, apparently, “Unicorn” status)

Imposter syndrome? Still there. It just doesn’t run my day anymore. I used ChatGPT to help clean up my resume (because let’s be honest, everyone’s using AI—especially the people filtering resumes). It called me a unicorn—apparently, a business analyst who can code is rare. That was news to me.

I’ve sent about 50 applications in the last couple months. Most went nowhere. (Though I’ve had hits at GitHub, NYU, and a few others—if “reviewed your resume” means what I think it does, as opposed to “we’re moving on.”) Had a couple interviews; one turned into a client lead instead of a job (ghosted, but I’ll still count it). Right now, I’m somewhere between “freelancer” and “actual business.” I have an LLC. There are proposals, leads, and a contract. Things are actually happening.

What changed? I finally built enough projects to see the patterns. I kept going when I wanted to quit. Turns out, that’s most of what matters.

Honestly, I just started believing the story. When you tell people you’re a web developer, nobody really argues—true or not. Faking it until you make it is underrated. For me, that’s just another word for grit.

---

## If you’re stuck in tutorial hell

Nobody is coming to save you. Coding is 99% “I’ll figure it out.” Build ugly stuff, copy what works, and refactor later—if you even care by then. Nobody writes perfect code, and even senior devs are googling error messages. Everyone is using AI, or they should be.

If the numbers on Vercel keep climbing, maybe this will all have been worth it. If not, I’ll keep shipping anyway.

– Stephen
